## WB p.14

### Ex1
1. F
2. T
3. F
4. F
5. T
6. T

### Ex2
1. Relevant knowledge
2. proven ability
3. skills
4. excellent command
5. dedicated member

### Ex3
1. meet
2. use 
3. skills
4. user
5. of

### Ex4
1. Proven ability to meet deadlines
2. Well-developed communication skills,
3. excellent use of Spanish and German.
4. Competent user of most computer software, dedicated member of a French club.

### Ex5
1. C
2. E
3. A
4. E

### Ex6
1. consideration - d
2. confident, suited - b
3. response - e
4. attend - b
5. welcome - c
6. apply - e
7. experience - a


### Write CV

## Yurii Marushchak
Kyivska 39/39, Vinnytsia.
Mob: 0960962746
yurikkiss1432@gmail.com
DOB: 5 May 1998
## Personal Profile
Experienced and reliable football coach with 6 practical years in the sport. Proven team player with excellent character and demonstrative coaching abilities.
## Skills and achievements
* Winner of Premier League in Zhytomyr regional football championship.
* Winner of Premier League in Vinnytsia regional football championship under 18.
* 1-st place in the championship among colleges of 1-4 accreditation levels.
* Experienced in Attacking tactical of José Mourinho about the 4-4-2 formation. 
* Certificated specialist in Football under 14, 16, 18.
* Has International coach license about 1-2 category, allows to train U-14-20
## Education and qualifications
* Junior Specialist in Sport Science ( with honours ) - Physical education, Vinnytsia Regional and Communal Humanitarian and Pedagogical College, 2014 - 2018
* Bachelor's Degree in Sport Science - Footballerity, Zhytomyr State Technological University, 2018 - 2022
## Employment history
* Summer 2017, Pedagogical College summer camp children's football coach, dedicated member of union football team.
* 2015-2017, Vinnytsia coach and advisor of under 14s football department.
* 2014-2015, Countryside Nemerche assisting in coaching of local football team.
## Interests
Computer programing, fils, music, books, walks, sweets.
## Referees
1. Mr T.Makaruns, HR Manager, makaruns@international.com
2. Mr M.Coach, Sport Coach, m.coach@zhytomyr.uaf.ua


