## WB p.26

### Ex1
1. a
2. b
3. b
4. a
5. a

### Ex3
1. b
2. c
3. d
4. a

### Ex4
1. that, -
2. who
3. whose
4. which
5. ,which

### Ex5
1. Prince William Bridge, built in 2012, is the newest in the city
2. There's Japanese death metal band playing at the club on Saturday
3. Most of the buildings destroyed in the war have been rebuilt
4. Pupils living in the hills have to walk several hours to get to school

### Ex6
1. who
2. 0
3. that
4. where
5. which
6. whose

## WB p.27

### Ex2
1. 0
2. As expected the presentation was lengthy and tedious
3. When I look back on that day now I always smile to myself
4. All of a sudden, we turned a corner and there she was
5. Out of the blue a car appeared on the horizon
6. It turned out to be worth all the effort in the end
7. As soon as we left it started snowing heavily 

### Ex3 
1. 1
2. 4, 7
3. 5, 2
4. 3, 6

### Ex4
1. place
2. Just after
3. predictably
4. fortunately
5. When
6. unexpectedly
7. enough
8. Without

### Ex5
1. C
2. B
3. E
4. A
5. D


### Story

So, this story took place about a year ago, when I was a year younger and the world felt like a safe enough place.

I was visiting my friend — we both love playing computer games, so we decided to play through the whole night.

We prepared our gaming stuff: popcorn, sweets, soda, and controllers, and played for about twenty hours until my friend finally fell asleep.

Just after he fell asleep, it started storming outside with striking lightning — it was such an unusual and unexpected weather condition for Ukraine at that time of year.

Suddenly, I heard noises outside the window. I was scared that someone was walking around our yard and watching us.

Unexpectedly, someone knocked loudly on the door, and without any hesitation I rushed over to check whether it was locked.

Fortunately, it was, and I started hearing voices — unclear and distant at first — but as I began to concentrate and tried to make them out, I realised...

Without a doubt, it was one of the worst dreams I had ever had, and the voices turned out to be my friend's, who was trying to wake me up.

Funnily enough, the dream had felt so realistic that it genuinely scared me.